[Enterprise 4.8] CCXDEV-4634 cluster workload gather update (#32516)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/insights-operator-what-information-is-collected.adoc

* Errors that occur in the cluster components
* Progress information of running updates, and the status of any component upgrades
* Details of the platform that {product-title} is deployed on, such as Amazon Web Services, and the region that the cluster is located in

> * Cluster workload information transformed into discreet SHA (Secure Hash Algorithm) values, allowing Red Hat to assess workloads for security and version vulnerabilities without disclosing sensitive details.

Reviewer: Our style guide says to put the full form first and keep the ending punctuation parallel.

```suggestion
* Cluster workload information transformed into discreet Secure Hash Algorithm (SHA) values, which allows Red Hat to assess workloads for security and version vulnerabilities without disclosing sensitive details
```

Author: Thanks @kalexand-rh changes pushed.
